doc: update the mdbook instructions (#1521)
leanprover/lean4: doc/dev/mdbook.md

# Documentation

The Lean `doc` folder contains the [Lean Manual](https://leanprover.github.io/lean4/doc/) and is

> authored in a combination of markdown (*.md) files and special lean programs.  The .lean files are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authored in a combination of markdown (*.md) files and literate Lean files.  The .lean files are
```

  [#1339](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook/pull/1339)
* Make `mdbook test` call the `lean` compiler to test the snippets.
* Ability to test a single chapter at a time which is handy when you
are working on that chapter.  See the `--chapter` option.

So you need to setup these tools before you can run `mdBook`.

1. install [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
which provides you with the `cargo` tool for building rust packages.
Then run the following:
    ```bash
    cargo install --git https://github.com/leanprover/mdBook mdbook
    ```

1. Clone https://github.com/leanprover/LeanInk.git and run `lake build` then copy the resulting
executable to your `$HOME/.elan/bin` folder or `%USERPROFILE%\.elan\bin` so Alectryon can find it
there.

1. Create a Python 3.10 environment, if you use anaconda then that would be:
    ```
    conda create -n leanink python=3.10
    ```

1. Activate this environment and install the following packages:
    ```
    pip install pygments dominate beautifulsoup4 docutils
    ```

1. Clone https://github.com/Kha/alectryon.git and run the following install the
Alectryon python package:
    ```
    git checkout typeid
    python setup.py install

>     ```

Reviewer: This is pretty complicated, what's wrong with the `pip` one-liner from the Alectryon docs?

Author: What's complicated? The anaconda info?  The pip line is one line there?  It is important to mention it requires python 3.10 and that is usually easiest to do in a virtual environment, since it is not the default version on Ubuntu yet is it? (and what if they are not on Ubuntu?)  The git clone of and install alectryon is fine right?

Reviewer: Hard-coding the dependencies of a third-party project in our docs is just wrong. You make a good point about the environment (though I'd prefer to see that point in Alectryon's own docs), but even then would
```
python3 -m pip install git+https://github.com/Kha/alectryon.git@typeid
```
not work?

Author: Much better, thanks, I updated the instructions.
